Add PR template (#4)
XRPLBounties/Bounties: pull_request_template.md

## High Level Description

<!--
Please explain what this bounty is for in 1-3 sentences.

Ex. "Build an integration with Shopify that allows businesses to easily add XRP as a payment option next to credit card payment flows."
-->

Description:

<!--

> Please indicate what you think a fair payment for completion of this bounty would be. The exact amount will be determined by the approving committee and may be higher or lower than the initial estimate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recommend a total value amount for the bounty, in U.S. Dollars. The exact amount will be determined by the approving committee and may be higher or lower than this recommendation.
```

-->

Amount: $

### Audience

<!--
Please check relevant options and delete irrelevant ones.

- [X] = Checked
- [ ] = Unchecked
-->

- [ ] First time XRPL builders
- [ ] Experienced XRPL builders

> - [ ] CUSTOM - Replace this with your own category

Reviewer: I don't think these need to be checkboxes. Bounties can just have a few bullet points indicating the relevant audience
